Bob will you tell us what this
new goal is?
Well, it wasn't quite that
simple, The new goal that
reawakened me out of this
was as happens. I met
another friend.
And this other friend I gave
another type of name to simply
because of the fact that I
couldn't. I could not.
How to put it I couldn't
understand him in out of any him
it's a he she again and I didn't
want to use the he. She name So
what I called this new friend
was inspect short for
intelligent species which meant
that I was not an intelligent
species and very, very deep and
warm relationship developed with
this non physical being and I
never saw him in a physical
form. He didn't have a form. He
was just an enerji and we had.
And that went on for a number of
years and he'll suddenly and my
Oh MSA. There's another part to
that. And I asked where his home
was and he said. Would you like
to go and on the way to my home
and I will show you?
And I said Oh mine yes, please
please. And so he did, and that
became my new goal was to become
an inspect. One of this because
the exquisite. All the things
with that, we express' as being
ideally Lovejoy relationships.
All these type of melding of
unification was expressed when
I went and just on the edges
of this inspects home. It was a
beautiful beautiful.
Goal then be there.
And that became my goal was to
grow and be.
And inspect and and my plans all
shifted to go to that state of
being and this inspect gave me
so many different beautiful.
Things such as escorting me into
the future to see my last time
around as being human this kind
of thing. Until one day one
night 1:00 afternoon, I've
forgotten exactly when.
Uh.
The inspect in our particular
meeting place, which was outside
of time and space.
Is said to me this is our last
meeting? And I added as great
shock whi. And the
inspect said to me.
Because you are taking another
path and you need to learn along
that other path.
And and I say, Well will we
See each other again and he says
not in this form.
And I said user what have I done
have my Daddy says. No, you have
done nothing wrong. It's that
you have gone in another
direction and you have to learn
that other direction and get
back to basics before you can go
any further. And in
That he The inspect winked out
like that, it was gone.
And I went back maybe.
Oh, 25 or 30 times to that
meeting place. An and the
inspect was never there. He had
really disappeared, so that
occasion another depression. But
it did trigger my left brain
into like don't you see that was
the point it triggered my left
brain intellect to say.
Basics what's meant by basics
and I started tracking down the
basics of what I had missed it,
apparently I'd miss something
something very, very important.
And so. I can this needless to
go through all the searching I
trying to find what I had missed
the basic and I went through the
humans and then that was a
learning procedures took a long
time to do. No finally I came
upon this one thing.
And that is made the change.
And that one thing was that many
years ago, Oh about.
Perhaps if we go at a time.
Also in somewhere in the 60s
because. This consciousness
this, I this mind didn't know
what to do with this outer body
activity had no idea what to do
with it so. So what I did is I
used a phrase a term an idea
that we have as humans that we
have a total self. I don't like
the word soul because it doesn't
seem to fit so I thought I don't
know what to do with this to
keep conducting experiments in
going from Virginia to
California, was ridiculous. It
was how many times. Can you go
to Mars and the outer planets
there's just more of the same?
And so. What I did
I finally said.
Wait, a minute.
The thing the basic that I
had missed was.
What? I had been writing this
vehicle In other words, I have
been using this navigator in
this driver this vehicle, all
these years. And I had not taken
the trouble. To find out who's
doing the driving or as we in
America. But what's under the
hood of the thing I'm driving?
And so I did I began, saying
that his A Basic.
And in looking at that basic.
I opened a whole new pattern of
finding out what?
That answer was and that's a
long thing, but that in turn.
Did move me in a totally
different direction and brought
me to the knowledge?
That anything that I could
conceive of now, as a goal was
inadequate to what the options
are the availabilities are after
I have graduated as being human.
And that's that is the
limitation that I see that
humans play. Suppan we and I was
apart of it probably still lamb
as a matter of fact.
We place a pawn ourselves by our
belief systems. We think that's
only certain things that we can
do quote after we leave here an
are non physical.
We forget these other very
simple patterns that these are
all based on local ideas local
ways of thinking and doing our
even what we call intelligence
is only a very human system of
measurement and here are all
these things and they were over,
they suddenly by this process
opened up to me to discover
what? The graduate human.
The being who graduates from
this human system of learning
can be. And that's what I mean
by is when I say go on the
Interstate. The goals are so
spectacular, so far beyond
anything that we can.
Even consider. That they they
are prime targets for anyone who
has Curiosity, which I do prime
targets who of the scientist to
get into something where the
real action is you run out of
action in time space there's a
limit that there's no limits in
this in this whole spectrum of
consciousness that I say that's
what I'm talking about how far
does it go? I don't know how far
it goes but I do know one thing
that one of the routes.
That you can go and that was.
One of my explorations because I
went and explore it all this to
see these potentials. One is
that One route that you can take
and you can see the source of
this of misses a lot of.
The humankind we all have a
yearning and then we express' it
in the desire to go home. We
express it in our going outward
in affinity looking for other
intelligent life looking for
things out in the universe. All
these kinds of things. But the
real part of it is. We really
want to do this key thing we're
looking for something else and
what we're looking for.
Is the thing that's built into
us from the beginning?
And that is that an we
expressive in our religions, we
would like to go meet our maker.
Now.
All I can tell you is that that.
At the at the very least, 'cause
this could go on for a long,
long time. I know.
How one could get on the
Interstate to go meet your maker
and all I want to do I have not
met that maker yet?
But what I would like to do at
some point and that totality of
me and that's another story.
We would like to go and quote
not prostrate ourselves at the
foot of our maker but.
Let's say to shake that makers
hand and say what a Magnificent
Engineering is what a beautiful
designer is. She is he
she. And and go
get into a?
A new game with the maker.
And that's only one.
And seemed endless options that
one can take.
You can be a maker
yourself if you want.
What you learn here are the
basic tools of being a maker?